
What Shakespeare play features the tragic love story of a Roman general and an Egyptian queen?
Anthony and Cleopatra;Anthony & Cleopatra

Which Shakespeare play revolves around the young Danish prince seeking revenge for his father's murder?
Hamlet

QuWhat Shakespearean play focuses on the political conspiracy against a Roman leader?
Julius Caesar

Identify the play with the character Cordelia, the faithful daughter of an aging monarch.
King Lear

Which play contains the famous line, "Out, out, brief candle!"?
Macbeth

What Shakespeare comedy features mistaken identities and the shipwrecked Viola?
Twelfth Night

In which country does most of the play "Macbeth" take place?
Scotland

Which Shakespeare play tells the tragic love story of two young individuals from feuding families?
Romeo and Juliet; Romeo & Juliet

In which country does most of the action in "Anthony and Cleopatra" take place?
Egypt

Name the play featuring the character Brutus, who joins a conspiracy to assassinate a leader.
Julius Caesar

In which country does most of the action in "King Lear" take place?
Britain;England

What Shakespearean tragedy features a Moorish general, his ensign Iago, and his wife Desdemona?
Othello

Which Shakespeare play is centered around the scheming and villainous Richard, Duke of Gloucester?
Richard III

In which primary location does most of "Othello" take place?
Cyprus; Venice

Identify the play with the famous line, "Now is the winter of our discontent."
Richard III

Identify the play with the famous quote, "To be or not to be, that is the question."
Hamlet

Which Shakespeare play follows the rise and fall of a Scottish nobleman driven by ambition?
Macbeth

What is the primary setting for most of "Romeo and Juliet"?
Verona

Name the play with the character Ariel, a spirit in the service of Prospero.
The Tempest

What is the primary setting for the majority of "Richard III"?
England;Britain

Name the play in which the character Malvolio is tricked into wearing yellow stockings.
Twelfth Night

What is the name of the castle where most of "Hamlet" is set?
Elsinore Castle;Elsinore

Identify the play with the line "But, soft, what light through yonder window breaks?"
Romeo and Juliet;Romeo & Juliet

Which play involves a merchant, a Jewish moneylender, and a pound of flesh?
The Merchant of Venice

What Shakespeare comedy focuses on the efforts to tame a headstrong woman named Katherine?
Taming of the Shrew

Name the play with the character Desdemona, who is wrongly accused of infidelity.
Othello

Name the play with the character Petruchio, who attempts to woo Katherine.
Taming of the Shrew

What is the name of Hamlet's girlfriend, who commits suicide?
Ophelia

What is the name of the play with the character Shylock?
The Merchant of Venice

What play features the magician Prospero and a shipwrecked crew on a remote island?
The Tempest




